[esp32] Document disable_libc_locks_in_iram option (#5425)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/esp32.md

- **enable_lwip_check_thread_safety** (*Optional*, boolean): Enable LWIP thread safety checks to detect incorrect usage of
  the TCP/IP stack from multiple threads. This helps catch thread safety issues when core locking is enabled. Defaults to `true`.

- **disable_libc_locks_in_iram** (*Optional*, boolean): Disable placing libc lock functions in IRAM. This saves approximately

>   1.6KB of IRAM by placing these functions in flash memory instead. This is safe for ESPHome since no IRAM interrupt service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1.3 KB of IRAM by placing these functions in flash memory instead. This is safe for ESPHome since no IRAM interrupt service
```

      enable_lwip_check_thread_safety: true  # Thread safety validation

      # Memory saving options

>       disable_libc_locks_in_iram: true  # Enabled by default, saves 1.6KB IRAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      disable_libc_locks_in_iram: true  # Enabled by default, saves 1.3 KB IRAM
```
